He'd been acting secretly
all over East Germany,
but he disguised himself as an economics
graduate student at Berlin University
and came to Korea
to approach Professor Han I-seop.
This is the shocking truth revealed a day
after the engagement on the West Sea.
We will update you
as soon as we find out more.
What…
What did she just say?
My brother…
was killed?
My brother is dead?
No…
It can't be true.
Why… Why is my brother dead?
No…
That's not true…
Yeong-u… Yeong-u!
Eun Yeong-ro!
-Yeong-ro!
-Yeong-u!
Let go! Let go of me!
Calm down!
I need to go see for myself!
It's dangerous.
You don't want to die, do you?
You're the leader of those
who killed Yeong-u?
You evil bastard.
Holding us hostage wasn't enough?
Why did you kill my brother?
What did he do wrong?
He didn't do anything to deserve it!
Bring him back.
Bring him back!
DORM ROOM 208
DORM ROOM 205
DORM ROOM 204
PRAYER ROOM
2ND FLOOR LOUNGE
Don't worry, Hye-ryeong.
I checked that
the hall director wasn't in her office.
After roll-call, in room 207,
Yeo Jeong-min, Ko Hye-ryeong,
Yoon Seol-hui, and Eun Yeong-ro
ate ramyeon and chat with Lee Jang-hui
from room 209
and Kim Gang-hui and Lim So-yeon
from room 206.
Yeong-ro received a necklace as a gift
from an unnamed man who was
her partner at the Open House.
They must be seeing each other.
The girl who treated me?
I heard the ANSP director's son is dead.
What if they try to retaliate against us?
Did you forget about the instructions?